README.md, before:

# Learn MCP Project

The code in this repository is taken from Deep Learning Course https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/mcp-build-rich-context-ai-apps-with-anthropic/ 
This is a learning activity only. I highly recommend the course for further details

## Project Structure

```
Learn-MCP-Project/
├── README.md
├── .gitignore
├── requirements.txt
├── jupyter-github-setup.ipynb    # Guide for setting up Jupyter projects with GitHub
├── notebooks/                    # Your Jupyter notebooks
├── data/                         # Data files (add to .gitignore if sensitive)
├── src/                          # Reusable Python modules
└── images/                       # Images and plots
```

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Start Jupyter: `jupyter notebook` or `jupyter lab`
4. Open the notebooks in the `notebooks/` directory

## Dependencies

See `requirements.txt` for required Python packages.

## Contributing

1. Create a new branch for your feature
2. Make your changes
3. Test your changes
4. Submit a pull request

## License

[Add your license here]

Commit message:

Created the MCP client and called  Azure OpenAI model

README.md, after:

# Learn MCP Project

The code in this repository is taken from Deep Learning Course https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/mcp-build-rich-context-ai-apps-with-anthropic/ 
This is a learning activity only. I highly recommend the course for further details
I switched from Anthropic to Azure OpenAI in this code

## Project Structure

```
Learn-MCP-Project/
├── README.md
├── .gitignore
├── requirements.txt
├── jupyter-github-setup.ipynb    # Guide for setting up Jupyter projects with GitHub
├── notebooks/                    # Your Jupyter notebooks
├── data/                         # Data files (add to .gitignore if sensitive)
├── src/                          # Reusable Python modules
└── images/                       # Images and plots
```

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Start Jupyter: `jupyter notebook` or `jupyter lab`
4. Open the notebooks in the `notebooks/` directory

## Dependencies

See `requirements.txt` for required Python packages.

## Contributing

1. Create a new branch for your feature
2. Make your changes
3. Test your changes
4. Submit a pull request

## License

[Add your license here]
